They guys in this video we're going to get our age team all template set up.
Now we're going to do a little bit of cheating because this AInc framework actually gives us some really
nice I guess boiler plate or starter templates that we can use.
And we're not going to have to do a lot of the markup manually.
So what we're going to do is go to the INC Web site and we are going to go to Cookbook and this gives
you a whole bunch of options to start with.
All right another one that we want is going to be this right here this carousel.
All right so if we want to look at an example of it and this is what it looks like.
All right.
We have does the slider or the navigation down here.
This one also has its own navigation.
And then this bottom one is carrousel or just a big slideshow and the image should load in a second
.
These images are coming from Lorem pixel which is just a free image site.
So they're taking quite a bit to load up.
But we're not going to be using this what we are going to be using this but not we're not going to have
it this big.
It's going to be in about half the size of this.
All right.
So what we'll do is go back and click on source and this is the HVM owl for our age old template.
Now there's a lot of stuff going on here.
There's a lot of javascript there's a lot of referencing to javascript files and CSSA files and everything
here is pretty much done through the Cdn links.
OK so you can see all the scripts here are being loaded from CD and dog ink dog Sampo or Sapele.
So we're going to keep it that way.
So we don't have to include them all locally and we're just going to copy that and then I have an empty
folder called W.P. news underscore each DML and we're going to create an index file here
indexed on HMO.
And let's open that up with sublime
and then we're just going to paste everything that we just copied OK I will save that.
And let's open that up and there we go.
So we have a lot of the work is already done for us.
Now we are going to want a header.
OK because this doesn't have any kind of head or menu.
So let's go ahead and do that.
We're going to go into our HMO.
Let's change the title here to W.P. news template and we can also get rid of a bunch of stuff.
I want this to be as short as possible so let's get rid of things like the description Matt author it
is.
It is a responsive web site so we have the viewport.
Things like that.
So I am going to keep that stuff down.
Here we have links to icons and fab cons which you could get rid of but I'm just going to keep it.
And then the CSSA files these are being loaded from the CD and we can get rid of this.
We can get rid of this here.
And I'm not interested in that.
These are javascript files loaded from the CD and some styling.
I'm not exactly sure why they put this here but I'll just leave it and get rid of these.
Anything that's in comments
I'll just shrink this up a little bit.
All right.
We want to keep this as is the navigation and you want to keep all these carrousel script tags
and yeah that should be good.
So let's go ahead and add the head we're going to go up to the top right under the body tag and we're
going to put in a header tag we're to give it a class of ink grade.
They want to use the grid system and then we're going to have a div class of vertical space.
And then we're going to have a panel
.
All right.
A panel is basically this right here this white background with the border.
All right we want it to be in a piano.
And then we're going to have an H-1.
This will be the site name.
For now let's just say W.P. news and then we'll have blow open up some small tags and that's where the
tag line or the description will go we'll say another word Press website and this obviously this will
be dynamic when we actually create the template under that we're going to have our navigation.
So we're going to say Nav. give it a class of ink dash navigation
and then side there will have are you well we're also going to give that a class when you were a class
of menu horizontal
and black
OK.
And then we have our allies.
So have a class of active.
OK very similar to bootstrap.
And this will just go to nothing.
For now I'm actually not going to index each team at all
.
And let me just intent this a little bit
All right let's copy this.
Put some other links in here.
Say about and let's say blog.
All right so let's save that and see what it looks like.
All right so that's what we want.
We have our Hetter tagline and menu.
Now under that we're going to want another panel with a search bar.
All right so let's go right below the header and let's put it in a form with the class of ink to read
and then we're going to have a div that the class of ink read
inside that will have a panel
in the panel we're going to have a div with a couple of classes control group and also a append button
.
And then here we have another div give it a class of control and then all dash one hundred OK want to
take 100 percent of the width and then we'll have an input text input and it's given a name of S and
let's give it a placeholder.
OK so it's indented a little bit
.
OK take a look.
All right so that's short.
I wanted to extend all the way across.
Oh you know what the issue is this form shouldn't be ink grade it should actually be informed.
There we go.
OK.
So that looks good.
Now this down here we're going to have we're going to put this into half of color or a half a div and
then have the popular pose on the other half.
And I also want to put that right here in the middle of these two.
OK.
So bear with me.
I'm just going to go down to right here this is where we have the big is that it.
No that's not it.
Right here
so let's go from the div down to
see where it is.
And right here this div I believe know this div
actually toilettes click on it and then it'll show me which one it ends at.
OK.
So it's this one.
So we're going to cut that out and then we want to be in between these two case we want to be in here
which I believe is right here.
Let's do a test.
Yeah.
OK.
So before I pasted in we're going to add some and some of our own lock up.
OK we're going to give this a class of AInc grid.
Let's give to the class of panels as well.
OK.
And then inside there we're going to create a class of call them group
.
And inside there we want to have two.
If we were using bootstrap there would be two 6 column divs but they do it a little different.
They do it by I guess percentage.
We're going to want to 50 percent divs so half and half the way that we do that is we use a class called
all Dasch 50.
All right.
All Dasch a hundred would be across the whole page.
So we want all 50 there.
And then we want another one.
This is how the grid system works.
I think it's a little different than bootstrap it's let's say test on test 2
and then we go see how this one has this side.
This one is the side.
So we want the slider or the carousel to be in this one.
So let's put an H to here and we'll say featured
stories.
All right then I'm going to paste what I copied down below.
OK so we get this.
Oh actually no we don't need this div with the panel vertical space because we have that panel of there
.
So let's get
it out there and get that out.
OK and then we're just going to tab these over.
OK.
So let's just see what that gives us and save it.
OK so you can see we get the featured stories takes a minute for the images to load.
It won't be like that when we use when we create our WordPress theme because the images won't be coming
from some remote place they'll be in our WordPress site.
All right.
So we get a little slideshow here.
So this side will be the popular stories.
So let's go ahead and add that that's going to be in the other all 50 div which is right here.
You put an age to here.
Right now the mark up we can actually get from the ink site I believe.
Yeah I want to see how this this article page.
We want this this part here in the on the right.
So let's look at the source and see if we can find where that is.
I believe it's this.
No it's this right here this half gutters.
So what we want to do is grab this well right under the related heading.
So go ahead and copy that and then we're going to pass that to right here.
All right let's see what that looks like.
Awesome.
OK we're not going to need that many.
Let's get rid of two of those
.
There we go.
All right so I think that that's pretty much it for the HVM now.
Now we just need to turn this into a WordPress theme.
We're going to end up doing this.
The inner page is the single page is that from within the theme itself as opposed to in this age female
template.
All right so start to work on the word press theme next